  * [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/live-blog/israel-hamas-war-live-updates-cia-chief-gaza-cease-fire-deal-egypt-rcna138536&cid=article_social_share_facebook)
  * [](https://www.twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Israel-Hamas%20war%3A%20CIA%20chief%20pushes%20for%20Gaza%20cease-fire%20deal%20in%20Egypt&via=nbcnews&url=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/live-blog/israel-hamas-war-live-updates-cia-chief-gaza-cease-fire-deal-egypt-rcna138536&original_referer=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/live-blog/israel-hamas-war-live-updates-cia-chief-gaza-cease-fire-deal-egypt-rcna138536&cid=article_social_share_twitter)
  * [](http://pinterest.com/pin/create/link/?url=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/live-blog/israel-hamas-war-live-updates-cia-chief-gaza-cease-fire-deal-egypt-rcna138536&cid=article_social_share_pinterest)
  * [](mailto:?subject=Israel-Hamas war: CIA chief pushes for Gaza cease-fire deal in Egypt&body=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/live-blog/israel-hamas-war-live-updates-cia-chief-gaza-cease-fire-deal-egypt-rcna138536)
  *   * [](sms:?&body=Israel-Hamas war: CIA chief pushes for Gaza cease-fire deal in Egypt via  - https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/live-blog/israel-hamas-war-live-updates-cia-chief-gaza-cease-fire-deal-egypt-rcna138536)
  * Print
  * 

Updated Feb. 13, 2024, 11:30 PM UTC

By NBC News

## What we know

  * CIA Director William Burns has arrived in Cairo for talks on [a hostage release deal,](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/looming-hostage-deal-threatens-divide-israels-right-wing-cabinet-rcna137135) which would include a temporary cease-fire and a better plan for getting aid into Gaza. David Barnea, director of Israel’s Mossad intelligence agency, will also travel to the Egyptian capital, a senior Israeli official told NBC News. Israel has rejected [Hamas' terms for a deal](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/looming-hostage-deal-threatens-divide-israels-right-wing-cabinet-rcna137135) and the official said the Israeli side is not "optimistic" this time around.
  * President Joe Biden [discussed the deal ](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/biden-king-jordan-meet-hostage-release-talks-israel-hamas-war-rcna138379)with Jordan's King Abdullah II yesterday at the White House, in his first meeting in Washington with an Arab leader since Oct. 7. Both leaders criticized Israel's plan to launch a [ground offensive in Gaza's southernmost city, Rafah,](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/hind-rajab-gaza-girl-6-found-dead-trapped-israeli-fire-rcna138263) where, Biden said, more than a million ''exposed and vulnerable'' displaced people are sheltering. 
  * State Department spokesperson Matt Miller said that [despite growing tensions](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/investigations/biden-disparages-netanyahu-private-hasnt-changed-us-policy-israel-rcna138282) between Biden and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the U.S. would not withhold millions in military aid to Israel over humanitarian concerns about the Gaza offensive. The Senate passed a $95 billion national security package that includes aid for Israel. 
  * More than 28,400 people have been killed in Gaza since the war began, according to the Palestinian Health Ministry. [More than 68,000 have been injured](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/gaza-hospitals-collapsing-rcna132439), and thousands more are missing and presumed dead. 
  * Israeli military officials said at least [224 soldiers have been killed](https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/u-s-launches-new-strikes-against-iran-backed-militia-202528325755) during the ground invasion of Gaza. 
  * NBC News’ Raf Sanchez, Molly Hunter and Chantal Da Silva are reporting from the region. 

28d ago / 11:30 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

An NBC News camera crew recorded gunfire around the Nasser hospital compound
and a warehouse of medical equipment burning after apparent Israel shelling.

28d ago / 10:51 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## 2 Al Jazeera journalists injured in Rafah strike, one required leg
amputation, outlet says

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-
madani-ncpn915866)

[Doha Madani](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-madani-ncpn915866)

Al Jazeera correspondent Ismail Abu Omar and his cameraman, Ahmad Matar, were
in “serious” condition after they were wounded in a drone strike north of
Rafah, the [news outlet reported
today](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2024/2/13/journalists-including-al-
jazeera-reporter-injured-in-israel-gaza-strike).

They were taken to a hospital in Khan Younis, where Abu Omar's right leg was
amputated. The Qatar-based news agency said that doctors worked to save his
left leg but that he suffered significant blood loss from what appeared to be
a cut in his femoral artery.

Colleague Hani Mahmoud said Matar and Abu Omar were struck by a drone while
working in Miraj.

"They were in the field documenting the living conditions of displaced
Palestinian families in that particular area and documenting the horror that
they have experienced and lived through in the past 24 hours as massive air
strikes targeted major parts of Rafah city, where close to 100 people were
killed,” Mahmoud said.

28d ago / 10:26 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Displaced Gazans leave Rafah fearing more Israeli attacks

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_39/3414656/img_0538.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/yasmine-
salam-ncpn1240872)

[Yasmine Salam](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/yasmine-salam-ncpn1240872)

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Alfred Arian

Under the threat of a ground invasion by Israeli forces, panicked and already-
displaced Palestinians in southern Gaza said today that they were trying to
chase relative safety.

In video shot by an NBC News crew team in Rafah, young children disassembled
tents, while other displaced Gazans packed rolled-up mattresses and collected
jugs of water ahead of their journey out of the refugee camp.

Fayza Abou Wadi, 65, said the intensity of Israeli attacks on Rafah in recent
days has left her family so fearful that they've decided to flee even though
they don't know where to go.

"We have young ones. We don’t know where to go in the tents, and we are so
scared the shells may attack us. This is why we want to leave. We can’t live.
There is no safety here," she said.

Wissam Al-Arkan, 37, said he had resorted to loading his family's belongings
onto a three-wheeler, despite not knowing their destination.

"The question is, where do people go? We came to Rafah, and now they are
threatening to invade it, so where do we go?" he said, referring to an
impending ground invasion.

"I brought a tuk tuk truck and started loading our belongings," he added.
"Hopefully, we will find safety and be safe from the bombing. We feel
hopeless. What do we do?"

28d ago / 8:50 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## 'Rising panic' for Gazans as officials meet in Cairo to negotiate hostage
and cease-fire deal

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

NBC News

CIA Director William Burns and Israel’s Mossad chief, David Barnea, are in
Cairo today, negotiating a hostage deal and a six-week cease-fire.

NBC correspondent Molly Hunter joined News' Andrea Mitchell to discuss what a
cease-fire could mean for Gazans experiencing a humanitarian crisis in Rafah.

“It is incredibly desperate, Andrea, and there’s this real kind of rising
panic, because we watched the split screen play out today in the region,”
Hunter said. “You’ve got Bill Burns, the Israeli spy chief, other regional
officials, meeting in Cairo to hammer out the final details, hopefully, of
this hostage release deal and have a cease-fire."

"In Rafah, no one believes that necessarily the Israeli prime minister will
wait to launch that ground incursion until a deal is inked,” she added.

28d ago / 8:14 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## 'History will not be kind' to an invasion of Rafah, U.N. humanitarian chief
warns

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNDAgNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+CjxnIGNsaXAtcGF0aD0idXJsKCNjbGlwMF80MzAwXzIyNzMyKSI+CjxjaXJjbGUgY3g9IjIwIiBjeT0iMjAuMDAwNSIgcj0iMjAiIGZpbGw9IiMzMDYxRkYiLz4KPG1hc2sgaWQ9Im1hc2swXzQzMDBfMjI3MzIiIHN0eWxlPSJtYXNrLXR5cGU6YWxwaGEiIG1hc2tVbml0cz0idXNlclNwYWNlT25Vc2UiIHg9IjAiIHk9IjAiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAlIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjEwMCUiPgo8Y2lyY2xlIGN4PSIyMCIgY3k9IjIwLjAwMDUiIHI9IjIwIiBmaWxsPSIjMzA2MUZGIi8+CjwvbWFzaz4KPGcgbWFzaz0idXJsKCNtYXNrMF80MzAwXzIyNzMyKSI+CjxwYXRoIGZpbGwtcnVsZT0iZXZlbm9kZCIgY2xpcC1ydWxlPSJldmVub2RkIiBkPSJNMTIuNSAxNS44MzRDMTIuNSAxMS42OTAyIDE1Ljg1NjIgOC4zMzM5OCAyMCA4LjMzMzk4QzI0LjE0MzggOC4zMzM5OCAyNy41IDExLjY5MDIgMjcuNSAxNS44MzRDMjcuNSAxOS45Nzc3IDI0LjE0MzggMjMuMzM0IDIwIDIzLjMzNEMxNS44NTYyIDIzLjMzNCAxMi41IDE5Ljk3NzcgMTIuNSAxNS44MzRaTTUgMzIuNTAwN0M1IDI3LjUxMzIgMTQuOTkzNyAyNS4wMDA3IDIwIDI1LjAwMDdDMjUuMDA2MyAyNS4wMDA3IDM1IDI3LjUxMzIgMzUgMzIuNTAwN1Y1OC4xMjU2SDVWMzIuNTAwN1oiIGZpbGw9IiNGMkYyRjIiLz4KPC9nPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQzMDBfMjI3MzIiPgo8cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9IndoaXRlIiB0cmFuc2Zvcm09InRyYW5zbGF0ZSgwIDAuMDAwNDg4MjgxKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-
madani-ncpn915866)

[Doha Madani](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-madani-ncpn915866)

"History will not be kind" if Israel ignores international concerns and
invades Rafah, warned Martin Griffiths, the United Nations undersecretary-
general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator.

"More than half of Gaza’s population — well over 1 million people — are
crammed in Rafah, staring death in the face: They have little to eat, hardly
any access to medical care, nowhere to sleep, nowhere safe to go," Griffiths
said in a statement today.

A military operation in the border city, where many displaced Gazans have
fled, could amount to a "slaughter" in addition to putting "an already fragile
humanitarian operation at death’s door," Griffiths added.

"This war must end," he said.

![Injured Palestinians arrive at Kuwait Hospital after Israeli strikes on Feb.
12, 2024 in Rafah, Gaza. ](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-gaza-
rafah-mn-1515-4778f2.jpg)Injured Palestinians arrive at Kuwait Hospital after
Israeli strikes Monday in Rafah.Ahmad Hasaballah / Getty Images

U.S. officials and other aid organizations have also expressed concerns over
how dangerous military operations in the densely populated area of Rafah would
be for civilians. Israeli officials have asked the military to draw up an
evacuation plan, but many question where there is left for people to go in the
decimated Palestinian enclave.

A spokesperson for the U.N.'s Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian
Affairs told NBC News today that it does not participate in forced,
nonvoluntary evacuations.

"Civilians must be protected whether they move or stay, and humanitarian
relief must be allowed for civilians in need whether they move or stay," the
spokesperson said in an emailed statement. "The essential needs — such as
shelter, nutrition, health and water — of displaced people must be met."

28d ago / 7:15 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Palestinian American teen who was killed had been attending high school in
the West Bank, his father says

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Molly Hunter

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-
madani-ncpn915866)

[Doha Madani](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-madani-ncpn915866)

JERUSALEM — Mohammad Ahmed Mohammad Khdour, a 17-year-old Palestinian American
who was killed Saturday by Israeli forces, was living in the occupied West
Bank while he attended high school, his father told NBC News.

Ahmed Khdour flew to the region from his home in Miami after learning of his
son's death, the second Palestinian American teenager to be fatally shot in
the West Bank in the last month. Khdour told NBC News that to his knowledge
his son was having a picnic with his friends in Bidu, a Palestinian town
northwest of Jerusalem.

He was told by people who were there at the time that his son and his friends
got back in their cars once their picnic was over and started driving away
when shots rang out around 4:30 p.m. local time.

Mohammad was shot in the head and died at a hospital in Ramallah, his father
said.

The U.S. State Department confirmed today that an American teenager was killed
but declined to identify the citizen.

28d ago / 6:34 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Sen. Van Hollen accuses Israel of 'textbook war crime' in Gaza

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

Israel is committing a “textbook war crime” by not allowing food and aid to
enter Gaza, Sen. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md., said yesterday in a floor speech.

“So now the question is, what will the United States do?” Van Hollen said
before calling on President Joe Biden to take action.

![Palestinians with children wait to receive food cooked by a charity kitchen
amid shortages of food supplies in Rafah, southern Gaza,  on Feb. 13, 2024.
](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-gaza-
rafah-food-mn-1515-edfff8.jpg)Palestinians with children wait to receive food
cooked by a charity kitchen today in Rafah.Mohammed Abed / AFP - Getty Images

28d ago / 6:33 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Troops ‘strengthened’ control of Khan Younis as gun battles rage, IDF says

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

Israeli troops have “strengthened” control in the western part of Khan Younis,
the Israel Defense Forces said in a statement today.

The IDF also said that over 30 Hamas fighters had been killed in gun battles
and that two Hamas operatives were moving under cover of the civilian
population.

An Israeli jet also struck a Hamas squad in the area, it added.

NBC News has not independently verified the claims.

28d ago / 6:23 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## South Africa asks U.N.'s top court to weigh Israel’s Rafah offensive

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

South Africa asked the International Court of Justice to consider whether
Israel’s plan to extend its offensive into Gaza's southernmost city of Rafah
requires additional emergency measures to protect Palestinians’ rights.

Last month, the United Nations' top court ordered Israel to take all measures
within its power to prevent its troops from committing genocide against
Palestinians in the enclave, in a case brought by South Africa.

South Africa's government said it was gravely concerned that Israel’s plan
would be in “serious and irreparable breach both of the Genocide Convention
and of the Court’s Order of 26 January 2024.”

Israel has denied all allegations of genocide in connection with its war with
Hamas and asked the court to reject the case outright. It says it respects
international law and has a right to defend itself.

28d ago / 6:10 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## IDF has not submitted Rafah evacuation plan to Israeli government,
spokesperson says

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Raf Sanchez

TEL AVIV — The Israel Defense Forces have not yet submitted an evacuation plan
for Rafah following a public request from Israel Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu, IDF spokesperson Peter Lerner told NBC News.

"We will write it up and submit it to the authorities, to the government. And
if instructed, we will operate in accordance to it," Lerner said. "I think
it’s important to stress that throughout this war, we have conducted
evacuation efforts from north to south, from within the south, to different
areas."

Israeli officials say Rafah is Hamas’ last stronghold inside of the
Palestinian enclave.

Aid organizations and U.S. officials have expressed concerns that Israel's
military campaign moving into Rafah will risk the lives of more than 1 million
civilians. The population of the border city has dramatically increased since
Oct. 7, with many forced out of their homes and displaced multiple times by
violence as Israel's military campaign worked its way to south Gaza.

When asked whether there is anywhere for these civilians to go, Lerner
responded, "where there is a will, there is a way."

"If people want to stay alive, they need to evacuate when they're instructed
to evacuate," Lerner said.

28d ago / 5:17 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## 9-year-old disabled orphan who fled to southern Gaza dies

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_39/3414656/img_0538.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/yasmine-
salam-ncpn1240872)

[Yasmine Salam](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/yasmine-salam-ncpn1240872)

A disabled orphan named Iyas was buried yesterday in a southern Gaza cemetery,
his body prayed over by his guardian and a gravedigger.

The 9-year-old boy's guardian was videotaped by an NBC News crew carrying
Iyas' body wrapped in a white burial shroud from El Najjer hospital in Rafah
to a nearby cemetery, where local workers were seen digging a fresh grave.

After slabs of concrete were laid over the body and water was mixed into the
fresh earth to seal the tomb, Iyas' guardian quickly prayed for the boy,
alongside one gravedigger.

The guardian told NBC News the boy had suffered from a lack of maintenance
medication for months and was pronounced dead by hospital staff yesterday.

"He had no treatments over a period of 4 months, treatment is in short supply,
because of the siege and the war we’re in," the grieving man said.

"The goodbyes were very hard, separations from the child was very hard on his
siblings and his family," he added.

NBC News [previously reported](https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/war-
in-gaza-takes-heavy-toll-on-children-202033733919) that Iyas was blind and
suffered debilitating complex needs, including uncontrollable muscle
contractions. Before the war, Iyas was living in a home for disabled children
in Gaza City but had since been displaced to Rafah.

Before his death, the boy was sheltering with other medically vulnerable
children in a garage, and his body was stiffening up because of a lack of
medical care.

The guardian said the shortage of medical supplies in Gaza was also
endangering Iyas' younger brothers.

"We told the world this boy needs medicine," the guardian said. "He also has
little brothers in the same situation. They need medication, there’s no care,
there's a medicine shortage because of the war — we don’t know what to do."

29d ago / 4:34 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Hamas leader met with Iranian foreign minister, group says

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-
madani-ncpn915866)

[Doha Madani](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-madani-ncpn915866)

Hamas political leader Ismail Haniyeh met today with Iranian Foreign Minister
Hossein Amir Abdollahian to discuss the situation in Gaza and Iranian efforts
"to stop the genocide against the Palestinian people in Gaza and support
Palestinian rights," Hamas said in a statement.

Haniyeh stressed that Hamas' position is "that any agreement must guarantee a
ceasefire, the withdrawal of the occupying army from the Gaza Strip, and the
completion of a serious exchange deal."

Iran's state news agency posted a photo of the two men sitting together in
Doha, Qatar, and confirmed that Abdollahian met with Haniyeh to discuss the
war in Gaza and the need for humanitarian aid in Gaza.

29d ago / 4:21 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Doctor who braved sniper fire to save man 'happy' he survived

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_39/3414656/img_0538.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/yasmine-
salam-ncpn1240872)

[Yasmine Salam](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/yasmine-salam-ncpn1240872)

The man had been shot by a sniper who remained hidden somewhere in the
distance, but despite that and the gunfire close by, Dr. Ameera Al-Assouli
told NBC News she couldn’t stand idly by as the man cried out for help.

After taking a deep breath, she ran to his aid, risking her own life as she
crossed the street where the man was hit to join him in a makeshift tent.

“It’s not like he was far away,” she said in an interview yesterday from the
ward in Khan Younis’ Nasser Hospital where he was being treated.

“I heard his voice. The people outside, I felt that there was panic, so I went
out to see what happened,” she said, adding that she wanted to see whether he
could be saved.

Show more

Al-Assouli, who retired as obstetrician two years ago, but returned to the
hospital to help out after the Israeli military launched its ground invasion
on Gaza, was filmed as she took off her coat, ducked down and raced out into
the open.

“He’s alive, he’s alive,” she yelled to her colleagues from across the street
once she reached him.

She said the man was a journalist with an injured leg who had already
attempted to stem the blood flow with a tourniquet when she got to him.

Video of the rescue was widely shared Saturday on social media, but while many
hailed her as a hero, she said she was just doing her duty as a doctor.

“As doctors, we are used to it,” she said. “Always in this profession you put
your life aside and you save the others. Not that we endanger our lives and we
like deaths, no. But we are trained to save others.”

She added that she was “happy” the man had survived.

29d ago / 4:20 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Hezbollah leader vows to continue fight against Israel until siege in Gaza
ends

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-
madani-ncpn915866)

[Doha Madani](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-madani-ncpn915866)

Hezbollah's longtime leader Hassan Nasrallah vowed that even waging war will
not stop the group's fight against Israel at Lebanon's southern border,
committing to fight until the siege in Gaza ends.

Speaking today, Nasrallah said Lebanon's political leaders should push to
change the conditions of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701
and criticized it for failing to protect Lebanon. The [resolution calls for a
full end of hostilities](https://peacemaker.un.org/israellebanon-
resolution1701) at the shared border between Israel and Lebanon.

"When the aggression against Gaza stops, the shooting in the south will stop,
and when the shooting stops in Gaza and the Zionist enemy takes any action, we
will return to working on the rules and equations that were in place,"
Nasrallah said. "The resistance’s job is to deter the enemy, and our responses
will be proportionate."

Show more

Hezbollah is an [Iran-backed militant
group](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/israel-hamas-war-iran-hezbollah-
lebanon-militant-group-rcna120092) that rose following Israel's invasion of
Lebanon in 1982 and has become a prominent political party in the country. The
group began firing at northern Israel shortly after Hamas' Oct. 7 attack and
Israel's declaration of war, resuming a fight that has largely remained quiet
since Israel and Hezbollah went to war in 2006.

International powers have voiced concerns over the conflict at the border and
hope to avoid a larger regional war. Israeli leaders have said they are ready
to go to war against Hezbollah if international powers fail to get the group
to abide by the longstanding U.N. resolution.

Nasrallah accused Western envoys who have tried to deter Hezbollah’s attacks
as solely focusing on Israel’s needs. He said the diplomats who have come do
not address “any matter related to what is happening in Gaza in terms of
aggression, crimes, famine.”

29d ago / 3:58 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## IDF tanks cross the border with Gaza

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_23/3610361/max-
headshot.jpg)

Max Butterworth

Tanks crossed the border between southern Israel and northern Gaza today as
fierce fighting continues in the southern part of the Palestinian territory.

![Israeli Tank Gaza](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-idf-
tank-mb-1228-acf893.jpg)Ariel Schalit / AP![Israeli Tank Gaza](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-gaza-
mb-1224-d58f44.jpg)Ariel Schalit / AP

29d ago / 3:57 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## UNGA president warns ‘another phase of this humanitarian catastrophe is at
our doorstep’

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

As Israel escalates its campaign in the southernmost city of Rafah, the United
Nations General Assembly President Dennis Francis said, "another phase of this
humanitarian catastrophe is at our doorstep."

"I am deeply distressed by the escalating military operation into Rafah," he
wrote on X last night, calling on "those with leverage" to help stop Israel's
bloody military campaign.

29d ago / 3:56 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## IDF says it has arrested Hamas leader in West Bank

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-
madani-ncpn915866)

[Doha Madani](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/doha-madani-ncpn915866)

The Israel Defense Forces said in a statement today that it had arrested a
suspected Hamas leader, Omar Fayed, during a joint operation in the occupied
West Bank.

According to the statement, Fayed was part of the Hamas militant
infrastructure in Jenin and was recently involved in a number of shootings.
NBC News has not independently verified the allegation.

"Two Border Police soldiers were slightly injured by shrapnel and were
evacuated to a hospital for medical treatment," the IDF said.

29d ago / 3:55 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Second American teenager killed in the West Bank in a month

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_02/3181676/abigail-
williams-circle-byline-template.jpg)

Abigail Williams

A U.S. citizen was killed in the occupied West Bank on Saturday, the State
Department has confirmed.

“We extend our deepest condolences to the family,” a department spokesperson
said. “We are working to gather more information and have pressed the
Government of Israel for further information.”

The State Department declined to identify the citizen, who was a civilian.
Defense for Children International Palestine has said Israeli forces shot and
killed a 17-year-old Palestinian American boy Saturday in the occupied West
Bank.

“Out of respect to the family, we have nothing further to share,” the State
Department said.

Another American teenager, 17-year-old Tawfic Hafeth Abdel Jabbar, was killed
in the occupied West Bank last month. The State Department has said they are
seeking further information surrounding the circumstances of Jabbar’s death.

29d ago / 3:00 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Teen says she feared Rafah strikes were start of Israeli ground offensive

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_46/3629676/chantal.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/chantal-
da-silva-ncpn1269216)

[Chantal Da Silva](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/chantal-da-silva-
ncpn1269216)

TEL AVIV — As Israeli bombs rained down on Rafah early Monday, 17-year-old
Rahaf Qudeh said she thought Israel had launched a ground operation on Gaza's
southernmost city, where more than half and the enclave's population have
taken refuge.

Qudeh, a social media influencer with more than 2.8 million subscribers on
YouTube, told NBC News in a phone interview yesterday that she was woken by
the sound of nearby blasts.

![Rahaf Qudeh pictured in Gaza in March 2023.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/13022024RahafQudehGaza1504-7e2656.jpg)Rahaf
Qudeh pictured in Gaza in March 2023.Supplied by Rahaf Qudeh

"I told my mom, ‘It’s the tanks. They started the ground operation.’ I was
crying. We were screaming,” she said, adding that they “were saying prayers
every second so that if we died, you know, we can go to God. To paradise,
directly.”

Qudeh said it felt as if the strikes lasted for an hour. In a video she took
in the dark of the night, the sound of a helicopter can be heard before a
blast rings out.

Show more

A screenshot of video’s metadata appears to show it was taken at 1:58 a.m.
local time (6:58 p.m. ET Sunday). That was around eight minutes after the time
the Israel Defense Forces said aerial fire had been launched.

IDF spokesperson Daniel Hagari said yesterday that the strikes were carried
out as part of the effort to rescue two men held hostage in Rafah, Fernando
Marman, 60, and Louis Har, 70.

Palestinian health authorities said at least 67 people were killed. An NBC
News crew on the ground witnessed some of the victims, including children,
being brought to the Kuwait Hospital in Rafah.

The IDF said it could not confirm statistics provided by Palestinian health
authorities as it does not find them "reliable."

Before the war, Qudeh said she enjoyed posting videos on YouTube about her
everyday life. In one of her videos published in August, she took her viewers
shopping for school supplies with her. In another, she showed fans her routine
during the summer holidays, including working out, enjoying a meal and
shopping for clothes and homeware.

After she fled her home in Gaza City in northern Gaza with her family, she has
posted videos showing the reality of life on the ground in the Strip.

29d ago / 2:30 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## Kremlin hopeful that Palestinian leader will visit Russia

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Reuters

The Kremlin is hopeful that Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will
visit Russia, state news agency RIA Novosti reported today, quoting Kremlin
spokesperson Dmitry Peskov.

"Abbas has an open invitation. We hope that the visit will take place at a
time convenient for both sides,” Paskov was quoted as saying.

RIA also reported Abbas had planned to come to Russia in November but the trip
was postponed.

29d ago / 2:10 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Gaza death toll rises to 28,473, Health Ministry says

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

The death toll in Gaza since Oct. 7 has risen to at least 28,473, Gaza's
Health Ministry said today in a statement. More than 130 people were killed in
the last 24 hours, it added.

Another 68,146 people have been injured in the Israeli military campaign since
Hamas launched multipronged attacks on Israel.

However, it is estimated that many more victims are buried under the rubble of
buildings destroyed by Israel's bombardment in cities across the enclave.

29d ago / 1:30 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## U.S. makes new push for Israel-Hamas hostage and cease-fire deal

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Molly Hunter

JERUSALEM — There is growing fear in the southern Gaza city of Rafah that an
Israeli military assault could come before a new cease-fire deal is reached
with Hamas. But the IDF has told NBC News that it has not yet presented a plan
to evacuate the overcrowded city, while the United States is pushing for an
agreement that would lead to a weekslong pause in the fighting.

29d ago / 1:00 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## China urges Israel to stop military operations 'as soon as possible'

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

HONG KONG — Israel should stop its military operations in the Gaza Strip “as
soon as possible,” a spokesperson for the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a
statement today.

They added that Beijing was "closely watching the developments" in Gaza's
southernmost city of Rafah where Israel has ramped up its military operation
in recent days and more than 1 million Palestinians have sought shelter, ahead
of a proposed ground invasion.

Israel must "do everything possible to avoid casualties among innocent
civilians," the spokesperson said, adding that it should "prevent a more
devastating humanitarian disaster in Rafah."

29d ago / 12:35 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Talks between Israel and Hamas are making progress, officials say

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Associated Press

Israel and Hamas are making progress toward a deal that aims to bring about a
cease-fire and free hostages held in the war-ravaged Gaza Strip, according to
two officials with direct knowledge of the talks, as key meetings continue
today between the sides in the Egyptian capital.

Talks are moving forward even after Israel intensified its offensive in the
southern Gaza town of Rafah, where 1.4 million displaced Palestinians have
fled to seek shelter from fighting elsewhere. A brazen Israeli hostage rescue
mission freed two captives held in the town along the Egyptian border, a raid
that killed at least 74 people, according to local health officials, and left
a trail of destruction.

A deal would give people in Gaza a desperately needed respite from the war,
now in its fifth month, and offer freedom for at least some of the 100 people
still held captive in Gaza. With the war grinding on, efforts mediated by
Qatar, the U.S. and Egypt to bring about a deal have been hobbled by the
starkly disparate positions of Hamas and Israel.

A senior Egyptian official said mediators had achieved what he described as
“relatively significant” progress in the negotiations between Israel and Hamas
ahead of today’s meeting in Cairo.

29d ago / 12:20 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Displaced Gazan families find shelter in a destroyed school

Surrounded by rubble and the burned-out shells of cars, displaced families are
sheltering in a school in the Jabalia refugee camp in northern Gaza.

Many of the walls are blown out in the building, which lacks essential
services.

29d ago / 11:48 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## Senate passes aid package for Ukraine and Israel, but its future is
uncertain in the House

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_08/3595835/scott-
wong-byline-jm-1.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/scott-wong-ncpn1288785)

[Scott Wong](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/scott-wong-ncpn1288785)

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_02/3181716/frank-
thorp-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/frank-thorp-
v-ncpn2876)

[Frank Thorp V](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/frank-thorp-v-ncpn2876)

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2024_10/3641230/kate_santaliz.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/kate-
santaliz-ncpn1289167)

[Kate Santaliz](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/kate-santaliz-ncpn1289167)

WASHINGTON — Senate Democrats and Republicans joined together this morning to
pass a $95 billion national security package that includes critical aid for
three key U.S. allies — Ukraine, Israel and Taiwan.

The vote was 70-29.

It is a significant step forward after months of delays centered on whether
tough border security measures would be part of the package. Although
Republicans demanded that any bill to authorize aid to Ukraine also address
the crisis at the border, they ultimately killed a bipartisan package that
married those issues.

The emergency aid bill now faces an uncertain fate in the GOP-controlled
House, where conservatives are pressuring Speaker Mike Johnson, R-La., to
block funds for war-torn Ukraine until America’s southern border is secure.
Hours before the vote, Johnson made it clear he would not bring the Senate
security package to the House floor.

[**_Read the full story
here._**](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/senate-passes-aid-package-
ukraine-israel-future-uncertain-house-rcna138502)

29d ago / 11:40 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## U.S. calls on Israel to investigate 'heartbreaking' killing of Hind Rajab

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_46/3629676/chantal.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/chantal-
da-silva-ncpn1269216)

[Chantal Da Silva](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/chantal-da-silva-
ncpn1269216)

TEL AVIV — The Biden administration has urged Israel to investigate the
killing of 6-year-old Hind Rajab, State Department spokesperson Matt Miller
said yesterday.

“We are devastated about the reports of the death of Hind Rajab,” he said
during a news briefing after being asked to comment on Hind’s death. “I will
tell you that I have a little girl that’s about to turn 6 myself, and so it is
just a devastating account, a heartbreaking account for this child.”

Hind was[ found dead](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/hind-rajab-gaza-
girl-6-found-dead-trapped-israeli-fire-rcna138263) in Gaza City on Saturday,
almost two weeks after she pleaded with an emergency dispatcher for help on an
hourslong call that was later released by health officials in the enclave.

The bodies of her aunt, uncle and four cousins were discovered by first
responders and members of her family Saturday after they were allowed to
search the area where they were last heard from.

Show more

The bodies of two first responders, Yousef Zeino and Ahmed al Madhoun, who
were deployed to save Hind were found nearby.

Miller said the Biden administration had asked Israel to investigate the
incident “on an urgent basis,” adding that the U.S. expects to “see those
results on a timely fashion, and they should include accountability measures
as appropriate.”

29d ago / 11:20 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Australia to ban doxxing after pro-Palestinian activists publish
information about hundreds of Jewish people

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Associated Press

The Australian government said today that it will outlaw doxxing — the
malicious release online of personal or identifying information without the
subject’s permission — after pro-Palestinian activists published personal
details of hundreds of Jewish people in Australia.

Attorney-General Mark Dreyfus said the proposed laws, which have yet to be
drafted, would involve issuing takedown notices to social media platforms and
imposing fines for the intimidation tactic.

The government was responding to Nine Entertainment news reports last week
that pro-Palestinian activists had published the names, images, professions
and social media accounts of Jewish people working in academia and the
creative industries.

Pro-Palestinian activists distributed an almost-900 page transcript that
leaked from a private WhatsApp formed last year by Jewish writers, artists,
musicians and academics, Nine newspapers reported last week. The transcript
was accompanied by a spreadsheet that contained the names and other personal
details of almost 600 people, purportedly the group’s membership.

29d ago / 11:00 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Biden welcomes Jordan's king to Washington

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_23/3610361/max-
headshot.jpg)

Max Butterworth

President Joe Biden shakes hands with Jordan’s King Abdullah II at the White
House last night.

![Image: President Biden Welcomes Jordan's King Abdullah To The White
House](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-biden-
king-abdullah-mb-0855-b179d0.jpg)Anna Moneymaker / Getty Images

29d ago / 10:45 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Ship hit by Houthis was headed to Iran, CENTCOM says

[![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-
aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

[Mithil Aggarwal](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mithil-aggarwal-ncpn1288084)

A Greek-owned ship that was hit early yesterday by Yemen's Houthi rebels was
headed to Iran, U.S. Central Command said last night in a statement.

The Marshall Islands-flagged cargo vessel was transiting through the Red Sea
and was carrying corn from Brazil, the statement said.

It added that the Iran-backed militant group had fired two missiles from Yemen
but the ship reported only minor damage and the crew was not hurt.

29d ago / 10:10 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## Israeli spy chief to attend Cairo hostage talks, source says

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Raf Sanchez

TEL AVIV — David Barnea, director of Israel’s Mossad intelligence agency, will
attend hostage negotiation talks in Cairo today along with CIA Director Bill
Burns and other Middle Eastern officials, an Israeli official told NBC News.

It had previously been unclear whether Israel would send a high-level
delegation to the talks after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last week
rejected a Hamas counterproposal that called for an end to the war as
“delusional.”

“We’re going to Cairo to see if there’s a chance to get a deal but I can’t
tell you anyone on the Israeli side is optimistic,” the official said.

The last high-level talks took place in late January in Paris. The CIA
director and officials from Qatar, Israel and Egypt were present but no
representatives from Hamas were at the table. That meeting led to a framework
agreement that proposed a temporary pause in the fighting in return for the
release of some hostages.

Show more

Hamas responded to that framework last week during Secretary of State Antony
Blinken’s trip to the Middle East. In its response, the militant group called
for an end to the war and the withdrawal of all Israeli troops from Gaza.

“We thought there was a formula, not a binding agreement, but a formula that
was agreed in Paris,” the Israeli official said. “Then what Hamas sent back
was just a revision of some hard-line positions and totally divorced from what
was negotiated in Paris.”

29d ago / 9:50 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## ICC prosecutor ‘deeply concerned’ by situation in Gaza’s Rafah

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Reuters

THE HAGUE — International Criminal Court prosecutor Karim Khan said he was
deeply concerned about reports of bombardment and a potential ground incursion
by Israeli forces in the southern Gaza city of Rafah.

Khan posted on X after airstrikes in the city that is the last refuge of about
a million displaced civilians.

He said that the court was “actively investigating any crimes allegedly
committed” in Gaza and that “those who are in breach of the law will be held
accountable.”

He later told Reuters that half of the population of Gaza is concentrated
around Rafah, “reportedly six times its normal concentration.”

“When you have a population that is 60% children and women by all accounts,
the risks to civilians are profound,” he said.

“This situation is one that I give the utmost priority to. It’s an issue that
we’re moving forward on.”

Israel is not a member of the Hague-based court and does not recognize its
jurisdiction. But Khan said in October that his court had jurisdiction over
any potential war crimes carried out by Hamas militants in Israel and by
Israelis in the Gaza Strip.

29d ago / 9:50 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## IDF troops during operations in Gaza

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_23/3610361/max-
headshot.jpg)

Max Butterworth

An image released by the Israeli army today shows troops during ground
operations at an undisclosed location in Gaza.

![Israeli Army Gaza](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-gaza-
idf-mb-0857-315ea2.jpg)Israeli Army / AFP - Getty Images

29d ago / 9:50 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Catch up with NBC News’ latest coverage of the war

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

NBC News

  * [**Biden and king of Jordan discuss hostage release efforts at White House meeting**](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/biden-king-jordan-meet-hostage-release-talks-israel-hamas-war-rcna138379)
  * [**Israeli forces rescue 2 hostages in a raid that kills dozens in Rafah**](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/gaza-israel-hostage-rescue-rafah-civilians-palestinians-hamas-rcna138338)
  * [**Biden disparages Netanyahu in private but hasn’t significantly changed U.S. policy toward Israel and Gaza**](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/investigations/biden-disparages-netanyahu-private-hasnt-changed-us-policy-israel-rcna138282)
  * [**‘They killed her twice’: Hind Rajab’s mother mourns girl, 6, found killed days after being trapped under Israeli fire**](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/hind-rajab-gaza-girl-6-found-dead-trapped-israeli-fire-rcna138263)
  * [**Palestinians fear time is running out in ‘last stop’ Rafah as Israel orders evacuation ahead of ground assault**](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/israel-orders-rafah-evacuation-ground-invasion-netanyahu-gaza-war-rcna137863)
  * [**U.S. citizen in the occupied West Bank detained over alleged incitement**](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/us-citizen-occupied-west-bank-detained-alleged-incitement-rcna137594)

NEW UPDATES

NBC News[](https://twitter.com/nbcnews)[](https://facebook.com/nbcnews)

Doha Madani contributed.

