  * [](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/live-blog/winter-storm-live-updates-new-york-city-snow-rcna138521&cid=article_social_share_facebook)
  * [](https://www.twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Winter%20storm%3A%20Heavy%20snow%20hits%20the%20Northeast%2C%20bringing%20travel%20hazards&via=nbcnews&url=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/live-blog/winter-storm-live-updates-new-york-city-snow-rcna138521&original_referer=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/live-blog/winter-storm-live-updates-new-york-city-snow-rcna138521&cid=article_social_share_twitter)
  * [](http://pinterest.com/pin/create/link/?url=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/live-blog/winter-storm-live-updates-new-york-city-snow-rcna138521&cid=article_social_share_pinterest)
  * [](mailto:?subject=Winter storm: Heavy snow hits the Northeast, bringing travel hazards&body=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/live-blog/winter-storm-live-updates-new-york-city-snow-rcna138521)
  *   * [](sms:?&body=Winter storm: Heavy snow hits the Northeast, bringing travel hazards via  - https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/live-blog/winter-storm-live-updates-new-york-city-snow-rcna138521)
  * Print
  * 

Updated Feb. 13, 2024, 9:24 PM UTC

By NBC News

## What to know about storms in the Northeast:

  * A [powerful winter storm](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/biggest-snowstorm-two-years-possible-new-york-northeast-braces-snow-rcna138376) hit areas from eastern Pennsylvania to Massachusetts.
  * Some 46 million people were under winter alerts, with the heaviest snow falling from 8 a.m. to 11 a.m.
  * More than 1,500 flights were canceled.
  * More than 3 inches of snow fell in Central Park, the most since 2022. Parts of the Hudson Valley north of New York City got 5 to 10 inches. 
  * Many areas of the Northeast exceeded forecasts, with 10 to 15 inches of snow falling in eastern Pennsylvania and 6 to 10 inches blanketing northern New Jersey. 
  * New York City Public Schools had a [rocky start](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/nyc-fails-controversial-remote-learning-snow-day-test-public-schools-c-rcna138640) to their first remote-learning snow day. 

* * *

28d ago / 9:24 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Winter alerts expire as Nor'easter moves off the coast, overnight freeze
still poses danger

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

NBC News

The snow has ended in Philadelphia, New York City and Hartford, Connecticut,
and will soon end in Boston. The Nor’easter is now rapidly accelerating off
the coast and most of the winter alerts that were in effect have expired or
will soon expire, NBC News meteorologists report.

Gusty winds will remain and a few lake enhanced snow showers may impact parts
of upstate New York and northwest Pennsylvania through tonight.

There were many areas in eastern Pennsylvania and northern New Jersey that
overperformed in terms of snowfall. Amounts from Allentown to Scranton in
eastern Pennsylvania ranged from 10 to 15 inches. In northern New Jersey,
snowfall totals ranged from 6 to 10 inches.

In New York City, the total snowfall hit 3.2 inches in Central Park — which is
the highest snow amount for the park since January 2022 — but areas north of
New York City including the Hudson Valley saw 5 to 10 inches. Any slushy, wet
or untreated areas may freeze tonight across the Northeast as temperatures
drop below freezing.

28d ago / 9:24 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Top snowfalls for Northeast today

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

NBC News

  1. West Hartford, Connecticut: 15.2 inches
  2. Sussex, New Jersey: 15 inches
  3. Tobyhanna, Pennsylvania: 14.5 inches
  4. Newtown, Connecticut: 13.8 inches
  5. Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania: 13.4 inches
  6. Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania: 13.2 inches
  7. Chester, New York: 13 inches
  8. Mt. Pocono, Pennsylvania: 12.5 inches
  9. Waterbury, Conncecticut: 12.5 inches
  10. Vernon, New Jersey: 12.1 inches

28d ago / 9:05 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Freezing temperatures overnight in NYC could turn snowmelt into dangerously
icy conditions

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581066/mirna-
alsharif-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-
ncpn1297517)

[Mirna Alsharif](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-ncpn1297517)

Below-freezing temperatures are expected in New York City tonight, according
to NYC's official emergency notification system.

A special weather statement was issued by the National Weather Service in New
York for the city.

"Melting snow & standing water on area roadways may become icy. Use extra
caution if traveling this evening through Wednesday morning," [Notify NYC
wrote on X. ](https://twitter.com/NotifyNYC/status/1757491372507214177)

28d ago / 8:34 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Over 160 weather-related accidents in Connecticut

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Yasmeen Persaud

There have been over 160 weather-related accidents in Connecticut today,
according to Connecticut State Police.

Eight people have been injured as a result of the accidents.

There have been a total of 764 calls for service in the state so far today,
according to police.

28d ago / 7:59 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## New Jersey police respond over 440 car accidents due to winter storm

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Brittany Kubicko

New Jersey State Police responded to over 440 car accidents since 4 p.m.
yesterday due to the winter storm that has impacted the state.

Police have also responded to over 440 "motorist aids," which include
"anything from flat tires, mechanical breakdowns and spin outs."

28d ago / 7:35 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## 20-year-old man dies in Pennsylvania after snowmobile hits downed power
line

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Madison Lambert

A 20-year-old man died in a snowmobile crash in Pennsylvania, Newberry
Township police said today.

Police responded to the scene of the accident at around 8 a.m. The man died
after colliding with a downed utility line while operating a snowmobile. He
was pronounced dead at the scene.

"The snowmobiler was traveling north in the 200 blk. of York Rd. when the
collision occurred," police said in a statement. "At the time, the central
Pennsylvania area was experiencing a multitude of weather related conditions
due to a winter storm which caused downed trees, downed powerlines and
hazardous travel conditions throughout the area."

No other vehicles or people were involved in the incident, police said.

28d ago / 6:54 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Pennsylvania police respond to over 1,200 crashes

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Brittany Kubicko

The Pennsylvania State Police Department has responded to over 1,200 weather-
related crashes and vehicle incidents in the state so far today, according to
Lt. Adam Reed.

It's not clear if there have been any reported injuries or casualties as a
result of the incidents.

28d ago / 6:52 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Snowfall totals up to 4.9 inches in the Northeast so far

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

NBC News

Snowfall totals in the Northeast region have accumulated up to 4.9 inches so
far.

The Newark Airport area received up to 4.9 inches of snow, while John F.
Kennedy Airport has had about 4.2 inches.

LaGuardia Airport reported 3.3 inches while Central Park has about 3.2 inches
of snow.

![People walk through the falling snow in New York's Central Park on Feb. 13,
2024. ](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-snow-
central-park-mn-1415-76dced.jpg)People walk through the falling snow in New
York's Central Park today.Charly Triballeau / AFP - Getty Images

28d ago / 5:54 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Snow storm hits Long Island as voters turn out for New York special
election to replace former Rep. George Santos

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581078/summer-
concepcion-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/summer-concepcion-
ncpn1298519)

[Summer Concepcion](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/summer-concepcion-
ncpn1298519)

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_30/3616863/koretski_headshot.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/katherine-
koretski-ncpn1295523)

[Katherine Koretski](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/katherine-koretski-
ncpn1295523)

Today's winter storm has descended on Long Island as the [special election in
New York’s 3rd Congressional District
](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2024-election/special-election-george-
santos-seat-pilip-suozzi-new-york-rcna138396)to replace Republican former Rep.
George Santos is underway.

The storm has prompted concerns about reduced voter turnout in a race that is
already expected to have a lower turnout rate.

Both candidates in the race — Democratic former Rep. Tom Suozzi and Republican
Mazi Pilip — have urged voters to not let the storm discourage them from
casting ballots.

In posts to X this morning, teams for Suozzi and Pilip said they are providing
rides for voters who want to get to the polls in the snowstorm.

Show more

“No snow day for Team Suozzi! We are out and about giving voters rides to the
polls If you need a ride — please call (646) 770-3557 Be safe. Vote Suozzi,”
Suozzi’s campaign wrote in a post to X.

“There’s too much at stake in this election to stay home. Team Mazi is
offering free rides to voting locations. Please call 516-662-4633 or visit
https://maziforny.com/vote/ if you haven’t voted yet and need a ride to the
polls. We’re counting on your support!!” Pilip’s campaign wrote in a post to
X.

28d ago / 5:48 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Will your Valentine's Day deliveries make it on time?

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_13/3284741/img_1182_copy_2.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/elisha-
fieldstadt-ncpn181)

[Elisha Fieldstadt](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/elisha-fieldstadt-ncpn181)

Today's winter storm in the Northeast has some wondering if their shipped
flowers and chocolates will make it to their loved ones on time.

A UPS spokesperson told NBC News that "delivering on our commitments is UPS’s
most important priority." The delivery giant has a team of meteorologists who
help assure contingency plans are in place in case of severe weather. "Our
drivers train to make deliveries safely, and if we cannot safely deliver to an
area, we will resume service as soon as conditions permit," the spokesperson
said.

Meanwhile, the USPS said in a statement that its carriers "deliver the mail in
all kinds of weather."

"We plan for various weather issues throughout the year, including efforts to
make sure employees have the necessary tools and training to do their jobs
safely," the statement said. Fed Ex did not immediately respond to questions
about what effects the storm might have on Valentine's Day deliveries.

  

28d ago / 5:43 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## NYC Public Schools chancellor on remote-learning day: 'I don’t think that
we passed this test'

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581066/mirna-
alsharif-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-
ncpn1297517)

[Mirna Alsharif](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-ncpn1297517)

New York City Public Schools Chancellor David Banks said the city did not pass
today's remote-learning "test" due to technical issues.

“As I said, this was a test. I don’t think that we passed this test," he said
in a news briefing. NYC Public Schools did a lot of work to prepare for today,
Banks said, but shortly before 8 a.m. they were notified that parents and
students were having difficulty signing onto remote learning.

This is the first time NYC Public Schools has implemented remote learning on a
snow day since introducing the [controversial no-snow-day
policy](https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/new-york-city-schools-cancel-
snow-days-disturbing-new-trend-rcna47046) in 2022.

[**_Read the full story here._**](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/nyc-
fails-controversial-remote-learning-snow-day-test-public-schools-c-rcna138640)

28d ago / 5:06 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Snow expected to end within the next hour or two

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Violeta Yas, NBC New York

Snow is expected to end within the next hour or two in the New Jersey, Hudson
Valley and New York City metro areas, according to NBC New York's Violeta Yas.

The snow will linger for a little longer in Long Island and Connecticut.

29d ago / 4:47 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## More than 140,000 customers without power in Pennsylvania

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581066/mirna-
alsharif-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-
ncpn1297517)

[Mirna Alsharif](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-ncpn1297517)

More than 140,000 utility customers are without power in Pennsylvania as of
11:40 a.m., according to [Poweroutage.us](https://poweroutage.us/).

This is an uptick from 98,000 recorded without power as of 8:30 a.m.

Over 10,000 customers are without power in New Jersey.

29d ago / 4:34 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Pristine morning snow in New York's Central Park

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Shahrzad Elghanayan

![People walk their dogs in the snow in Central Park.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-nyc-
snow-central-park-3-se-1115a-bbd25a.jpg)Shahrzad Elghanayan / NBC News![People
make snowmen.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-nyc-
snow-central-park-4-se-1115a-c4bbcd.jpg)Shahrzad Elghanayan / NBC News![A man
walks a dog in the snow in Central Park in New York.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-nyc-
snow-central-park-1-se-1115a-732baf.jpg)Shahrzad Elghanayan / NBC News![A
child laughs while playing in the snow.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-nyc-
snow-central-park-2-se-1115a-ae77ec.jpg)Shahrzad Elghanayan / NBC News  

29d ago / 4:01 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Some airlines issue waivers due to winter storm

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581066/mirna-
alsharif-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-
ncpn1297517)

[Mirna Alsharif](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-ncpn1297517)

Some airlines are issuing waivers to customers because of the winter storm
impacting flights to and out of the Northeast.

[JetBlue](https://www.jetblue.com/travel-alerts),
[Delta](https://pro.delta.com/content/agency/us/en/news/exception-policy-
archive/2024/february-2024/northeast-winter-weather---bulletin-2.html),
[American](https://www.aa.com/i18n/travel-info/travel-alerts.jsp),[
Spirit](https://www.spirit.com/travel-advisory) and
[Southwest](https://www.southwest.com/travel-
advisory/?clk=TA_NEWINTERWX_240211#TA_NEWINTERWX_240211) are all allowing
passengers traveling through or from certain Northeast airports today to
rebook their flights to a later date through Thursday.

Frontier Airlines is allowing passengers to rebook their flights, receive
credits or request refunds. It's not clear if they're allowing rebooking
without charge.

Almost 1,500 flights were canceled as of 11 a.m.

![Snow falls at John F. Kennedy International Airport Tuesday, Feb. 13, 2024,
in New York.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-snow-
jfk-airport-mn-1055-a02fea.jpg)Snow falls at John F. Kennedy International
Airport today in New York.Frank Franklin II / AP

29d ago / 3:33 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Philadelphia digs out

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

NBC News

![People clear a sidewalk in Philadelphia, Tuesday, Feb. 13, 2024.
](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-snow-
philadelphia-mn-1030-0f9569.jpg)People clear a sidewalk in Philadelphia this
morning.Matt Rourke / AP

29d ago / 3:25 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Snowplows deployed in NYC for the first time in two years

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581066/mirna-
alsharif-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-
ncpn1297517)

[Mirna Alsharif](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-ncpn1297517)

Snowplows have been deployed in New York City for the first time in two years,
the Sanitation Department said on X.

The plows will be working in areas that have accumulated 2 inches of snow.

The department and [Mayor Eric
Adams](https://twitter.com/NYCMayor/status/1757391472318349552) advised people
to stay off the roads.

29d ago / 3:19 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## NYC Public Schools announces tech issues during remote learning day

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTAwJSIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDAlIiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNDAgNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+CjxnIGNsaXAtcGF0aD0idXJsKCNjbGlwMF80MzAwXzIyNzMyKSI+CjxjaXJjbGUgY3g9IjIwIiBjeT0iMjAuMDAwNSIgcj0iMjAiIGZpbGw9IiMzMDYxRkYiLz4KPG1hc2sgaWQ9Im1hc2swXzQzMDBfMjI3MzIiIHN0eWxlPSJtYXNrLXR5cGU6YWxwaGEiIG1hc2tVbml0cz0idXNlclNwYWNlT25Vc2UiIHg9IjAiIHk9IjAiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAlIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjEwMCUiPgo8Y2lyY2xlIGN4PSIyMCIgY3k9IjIwLjAwMDUiIHI9IjIwIiBmaWxsPSIjMzA2MUZGIi8+CjwvbWFzaz4KPGcgbWFzaz0idXJsKCNtYXNrMF80MzAwXzIyNzMyKSI+CjxwYXRoIGZpbGwtcnVsZT0iZXZlbm9kZCIgY2xpcC1ydWxlPSJldmVub2RkIiBkPSJNMTIuNSAxNS44MzRDMTIuNSAxMS42OTAyIDE1Ljg1NjIgOC4zMzM5OCAyMCA4LjMzMzk4QzI0LjE0MzggOC4zMzM5OCAyNy41IDExLjY5MDIgMjcuNSAxNS44MzRDMjcuNSAxOS45Nzc3IDI0LjE0MzggMjMuMzM0IDIwIDIzLjMzNEMxNS44NTYyIDIzLjMzNCAxMi41IDE5Ljk3NzcgMTIuNSAxNS44MzRaTTUgMzIuNTAwN0M1IDI3LjUxMzIgMTQuOTkzNyAyNS4wMDA3IDIwIDI1LjAwMDdDMjUuMDA2MyAyNS4wMDA3IDM1IDI3LjUxMzIgMzUgMzIuNTAwN1Y1OC4xMjU2SDVWMzIuNTAwN1oiIGZpbGw9IiNGMkYyRjIiLz4KPC9nPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQzMDBfMjI3MzIiPgo8cmVjdCB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9IndoaXRlIiB0cmFuc2Zvcm09InRyYW5zbGF0ZSgwIDAuMDAwNDg4MjgxKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

Brittany Kubicko

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581066/mirna-
alsharif-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-
ncpn1297517)

[Mirna Alsharif](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-ncpn1297517)

New York City Public Schools announced it was having tech issues during
today's remote learning day.

[All New York City public schools are
closed](https://www.nbcnewyork.com/weather/school-closings/) for remote
classes today.

"We are currently experiencing issues with services that require IBM
authentication to login," NYC Public Schools wrote on
[X](https://twitter.com/NYCSchools/status/1757411258175783171). "We are
actively working with IBM to resolve."

An hour later, it said that "improvements are rolling out across the system."

29d ago / 2:48 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Snowfall rates of 1 to 2 inches per hour reported in NYC area

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581066/mirna-
alsharif-byline-jm.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-
ncpn1297517)

[Mirna Alsharif](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/mirna-alsharif-ncpn1297517)

Snowfall rates of 1 to 2 inches per hour have been reported in the greater New
York City area, according to the weather service in New York.

The snowfall will most likely shift into the NYC metro area and Long Island
next.

29d ago / 2:30 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## VIDEO: NYC emergency management chief on how the city prepared for the
winter storm

![Author
Thumbnail](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

NBC News

New York City Emergency Management Commissioner Zach Iscol spoke about how the
city prepared for what could be its biggest snowstorm in two years.

"As you are all aware, this forecast changed very quickly. Two days ago,
forecast called for about an inch of snow. Yesterday morning, that was bumped
up to 5 to 8 inches with a worst case scenario of 10 inches," he told NBC
News.

The city considered "the worst case scenario" when getting prepared for this
winter storm, Iscol said.

He advised residents to also take proper preparations to protect themselves
from the storm, including staying off the roads for their own safety.

29d ago / 2:12 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Wintry mix in midtown Manhattan

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2019_28/2925631/190619-matt_nighswander-
byline2590.jpg)

Matt Nighswander

![Snow falls in front of Radio City Music Hall in New York on Feb. 13,
2024.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-snow-
new-york-retone-mn-1255-ac26ee.jpg)Matt Nighswander / NBC News![Snow falls in
Midtown Manhattan on Feb. 13, 2024.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-new-
york-snow-mn-0905-8328d3.jpg)Matt Nighswander / NBC News![Snow falls in
Midtown Manhattan in front of Radio City Music Hall on Feb. 13,
2024.](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-new-
york-snow-mn-0906-51959c.jpg)Matt Nighswander / NBC News

Pedestrians make their way through slushy snow in front of Radio City Music
Hall and the NBC Studios this morning.

  

29d ago / 2:02 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## More than 100,000 customers without power

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2022_46/3581046/crystal-
minaya-byline-jm.jpg)

Crystal Minaya

So far, Pennsylvania is leading with the most number of customers without
power as the state has approximately 98,000 as of 8:30 a.m. ET.

West Virginia has about 13,000 and Virginia has an additional 6,400.

29d ago / 1:55 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## New York DOT warns drivers to take it slow on snowy roads

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_13/3284741/img_1182_copy_2.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/elisha-
fieldstadt-ncpn181)

[Elisha Fieldstadt](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/elisha-fieldstadt-ncpn181)

New Yorkers woke up this morning to a blanket of white outside their windows
and a warning to take it slow on the roads, if they must be on them.

29d ago / 1:52 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## More than 1,000 flights canceled across the U.S.

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3183971/patrick-
smith-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-
smith-ncpn989401)

[Patrick Smith](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-smith-ncpn989401)

More than 1,300 flights were canceled and 7,000 delayed across the country so
far today, with about half of those in the Northeast, according to the flight-
tracking website [FlightAware](https://www.flightaware.com/live/cancelled/).

New York's LaGuardia Airport leads the cancellations chart with 243 flights as
of 8:30 a.m. ET, which represents 43% of those slated to leave today.

A post on X from LaGuardia[ last
night](https://twitter.com/LGAairport/status/1757163017752441017) said that
passengers should check with their airline before traveling to the airport.

Newark, JFK and Boston Logan airports are also badly affected.

29d ago / 1:37 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Warnings issued for people to stay off roads as millions affected by
Northeast snowstorms

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_42/3419903/trymaine-
lee-msnbc.png)

Trymaine Lee

Almost 50 million people could be affected by snowstorms stretching from
Philadelphia to Boston as officials warn commuters to stay home if they can.
NBC News’ Trymaine Lee reports on the messy commutes and canceled flights and
how New York City is responding after a two-year snow drought.

29d ago / 1:29 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## New York City set for heavy snow for the first time in years

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2021_44/3517122/kathryn-
prociv.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/kathryn-prociv-ncpn1047211)

[Kathryn Prociv](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/kathryn-prociv-ncpn1047211)

Snow is falling on the NYC metro area — something New Yorkers haven't seen
very much of in recent years.

It has been a record-setting 744 days since more than 2 inches of snow fell in
New York City, stretching back to January 2022.

29d ago / 1:26 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Snow totals as of 8 a.m. ET

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2021_44/3517122/kathryn-
prociv.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/kathryn-prociv-ncpn1047211)

[Kathryn Prociv](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/kathryn-prociv-ncpn1047211)

10.5” Jim Thorpe, Pa.

10” Dingmans Ferry, Pa.

9.7” Mount Pocono, Pa.

7.1” Wantage Twp, N.J.

7” Middletown, N.Y.

6.5” Fort Ritchie, Md.

29d ago / 12:54 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Heavy snow is expected to ease this afternoon

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3183971/patrick-
smith-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-
smith-ncpn989401)

[Patrick Smith](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-smith-ncpn989401)

Satellite imagery shows the Nor'easter due to move over a huge swath of New
England and the tri-state area before moving out to sea around 4 p.m.

Rain is transitioning to sleet and then to snow this morning across many
areas, the weather service said.

29d ago / 12:33 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## East Pennsylvania, southern New England expected to be among the worst
affected areas, weather service warns

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3183971/patrick-
smith-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-
smith-ncpn989401)

[Patrick Smith](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-smith-ncpn989401)

The strong nor'easter storm currently dumping snow across the region will move
out to the Atlantic later today — but not before bringing some severe winter
weather to much of the region, the weather service said in an update.

The storm will "continue to rapidly deepen" and bring snow, with the worst-
affected areas expected to be eastern Pennsylvania, including Lehigh Valley,
northern New Jersey, southeast New York, including New York City.

Southern New England could receive between 6 and 12 inches of snow, with 3 to
6 inches expected elsewhere — enough to "produce locally significant travel
disruptions" and possible power outages, the weather service said.

29d ago / 12:11 PM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## More than 40,000 properties without power across the interior Northeast

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3183971/patrick-
smith-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-
smith-ncpn989401)

[Patrick Smith](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-smith-ncpn989401)

More than 27,000 homes and businesses in Pennsylvania and 11,600 in West
Virginia were without power after 6:30 a.m. as heavy rain and snow caused
disruptions across the region.

The [PowerOutage.us](https://poweroutage.us/) website, which tracks power
connections nationally, showed that more than 40,000 properties had no power
in the Northeast, while power outages continue in the South.

Almost 10,000 properties were without power in Georgia and 8,300 in the
Carolinas.

29d ago / 11:54 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## School closures and remote classes announced across the Northeast

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3183971/patrick-
smith-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-
smith-ncpn989401)

[Patrick Smith](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-smith-ncpn989401)

Millions of schoolchildren across the region will be staying home this morning
as dozens of schools choose to either close or deliver lessons remotely.

All public schools in New York City will have only [remote
lessons,](https://twitter.com/NYCSchools/status/1757070596620390820) a
decision that affects some 1.1 million children across 1,600 schools.

NBC News outlets across the region have full school closure lists for
[Boston](https://www.nbcboston.com/weather/school-closings/),
[Connecticut](https://www.nbcconnecticut.com/weather/school-closings/),
[Philadelphia](https://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/weather/stories-weather/school-
closings-delays-7/3741741/) and [New
York](https://www.nbcnewyork.com/weather/school-closings/).

29d ago / 10:38 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMzIiIGhlaWdodD0iMzIiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMiAzMiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTYiIGN5PSIxNiIgcj0iMTUuNSIgZmlsbD0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzk5OTk5OSIvPgo8ZyBjbGlwLXBhdGg9InVybCgjY2xpcDBfNDIxMl8xNjYxMTgpIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4IDEyVjhMMjUgMTVMMTggMjJWMTcuOUMxMyAxNy45IDkuNSAxOS41IDcgMjNDOCAxOCAxMSAxMyAxOCAxMloiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzU1NTU1NSIvPgo8L2c+CjxkZWZzPgo8Y2xpcFBhdGggaWQ9ImNsaXAwXzQyMTJfMTY2MTE4Ij4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjI0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI0IiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIgdHJhbnNmb3JtPSJ0cmFuc2xhdGUoNCAzKSIvPgo8L2NsaXBQYXRoPgo8L2RlZnM+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

## Satellite images show weather system over the Northeast

![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2023_23/3610361/max-
headshot.jpg)

Max Butterworth

A weather system approaches the northeastern United States this morning in
satellite images captured by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration.

![Northeast Weather System](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_fit-760w,f_auto,q_auto:best/rockcms/2024-02/240213-noaa-
northeast-storm-mb-0948-b45b8c.png)NOAA

29d ago / 10:23 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Heavy snow blankets central Pennsylvania

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3183971/patrick-
smith-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-
smith-ncpn989401)

[Patrick Smith](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/patrick-smith-ncpn989401)

Almost 3 inches of snow has fallen in central parts of Pennsylvania as of 4
a.m., with more on the way.

Video posted on X in Northumberland, a town north of Harrisburg, showed a
steady stream of snowfall. Kevin Clamato, who made the post, said there was
2.8 inches of snow in 32-degree conditions.

29d ago / 9:43 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Philadelphia braces for 'heavy snow' during morning commute

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3184066/dennis-
romero-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/dennis-
romero-ncpn856406)

[Dennis Romero](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/dennis-romero-ncpn856406)

The outlook for a swath of the I-95 corridor from Philadelphia to the New York
City area includes the likelihood of moderate to heavy snowfall during the
morning commute, federal forecasters said late yesterday.

The heaviest snowfall was expected in Pennsylvania and east of New York City
south of Interstate 78 from 1 to 4 a.m., the weather service said.

A [l](https://twitter.com/NWS_MountHolly/status/1757256113576415454)[ong band
of
](https://twitter.com/NWS_MountHolly/status/1757256113576415454)[snow](https://twitter.com/NWS_MountHolly/status/1757256113576415454)
from Philadelphia to New York City was a part of a weather service forecast
graphic late yesterday. It applies to the morning hours today.

"Areas near & northwest of the I-95 corridor likely see moderate to heavy snow
during the height of rush hour," the service's office in Mount Holly, New
Jersey, said on the social media platform X.

"Please keep this in mind!" it said.

29d ago / 9:43 AM UTC

![social share icon
trigger](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

## Forecast for snowy roads extends into parts of the South

[![](https://media-
cldnry.s-nbcnews.com/image/upload/t_focal-60x60,f_auto,q_auto:best/newscms/2020_03/3184066/dennis-
romero-circle-byline-template.jpg)](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/dennis-
romero-ncpn856406)

[Dennis Romero](https://www.nbcnews.com/author/dennis-romero-ncpn856406)

As Washington, D.C., Philadelphia and New York City prepare for the
Nor'easter's snow blitz, the weather service yesterday expanded its forecast
for snow to include additional parts of the South and mid-Atlantic.

A winter weather advisory, which indicates that freezing rain or 2 to 4 inches
of snow is in the forecast, was issued for areas of northern Virginia, the
National Weather Service said.

A winter storm warning, which indicates that at least 6 inches of snow is
expected to fall in a 12-hour span, was issued for communities in Maryland and
West Virginia, it said.

The advisory and warning cover most of the morning hours today. Here's [a map
that includes the areas covered](https://www.weather.gov/lwx/) by the advisory
and warning.

For much of the region covered by the weather service's office in Sterling,
Virginia — it calls it Baltimore/Washington — rain will transform into "heavy,
wet snow," it said.

"Travel could be very difficult," the agency said in a winter weather message.

  

NEW UPDATES

NBC News[](https://twitter.com/nbcnews)[](https://facebook.com/nbcnews)

Patrick Smith contributed.

